feat: PVP Version implementation for the Stack build tool (Haskell) (#13224)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/versioning/pvp/readme.md

# PVP

**What type of versioning is used?**

> > A package version number SHOULD have the form A.B.C, and MAY optionally have any number of additional components, for example 2.1.0.4 (in this case, A=2, B=1, C=0).
> > A.B is known as the major version number, and C the minor version number.
> > Specification: https://pvp.haskell.org/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quotes from the [Haskell PVP Specification](https://pvp.haskell.org/):

> A package version number **SHOULD** have the form A.B.C, and **MAY** optionally have any number of additional components, for example 2.1.0.4 (in this case, A=2, B=1, C=0).

> A.B is known as the _major_ version number, and C the _minor_ version number.
```

Changes:

- Copied the style/formatting of the source quotes
- Split the quote into two parts, because the original quotes have some text between them
- Put the link to the document on top, and used a readable link name (important for screenreaders) 😉

> The one unusual difference between PVP and semver is that there are 2 major versions, and that
> there could be additional version numbers past patch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The one unusual difference between PVP and SemVer is that there are two major versions, and that there could be additional version numbers past _patch_.
```

This should go on one line (one sentence per line pattern).
SemVer is a specific term/name, so should be capitalized. 😉 

Are you sure you that _patch_ is the correct term? According to the Haskell Package Versioning Policy, _c_ is called _minor_.

Author: > SemVer is a specific term/name, so should be capitalized. 😉
Sorry I have terrible grammar. Thanks for the suggestions!

> Are you sure you that patch is the correct term? According to the Haskell Package Versioning Policy, c is called minor.

I've updated the instructions. Let me know if that's better.

**Are ranges supported?**

Currently this is not supported but you can have ranges.

> This implementation just supports updating extra-deps in the stack build tool which does not support ranges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This implementation just supports updating extra-deps in the Stack build tool which does not support ranges.
```

This is a proper noun, so should be capitalized.

> If this is used for cabal then it would be useful to support ranges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is used for Cabal then it would be useful to support ranges.
```

Cabal is also a proper noun, so should be capitalized.

# PVP

> **What type of versioning is used?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What type of versioning is used?
```

Quotes from the [Haskell PVP Specification](https://pvp.haskell.org/):

> A package version number **SHOULD** have the form A.B.C, and **MAY** optionally have any number of additional components, for example 2.1.0.4 (in this case, A=2, B=1, C=0).

> > A.B is known as the _major_ version number, and C the _minor_ version number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> A.B is known as the _major_ version number, and C the _minor_ version number.
```

These are separate quotes in the upstream docs, so we should put a newline between them.

> The one unusual difference between PVP and SemVer is that there are two major versions, and that there can be an optional number of additional version numbers past _minor_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main differences between PVP and SemVer:

- PVP allows _two_ major versions
- PVP allows an optional number of extra version numbers past _minor_
```

> The one unusual difference between PVP and SemVer is that there are two major versions, and that there can be an optional number of additional version numbers past _minor_. For example 1.2.3 (note there's no patch version here), 1.2.3.4 (4 is the patch version), or 1.2.3.4.5.6.7 are all valid version numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The one unusual difference between PVP and SemVer is that there are two major versions, and that there can be an optional number of additional version numbers past _minor_.
For example `1.2.3` (note there's no patch version here), `1.2.3.4` (`4` is the patch version), or `1.2.3.4.5.6.7` are all valid version numbers.
```

Let's use one sentence per line.
I've added `monospace` styles to the version numbers.

> For example `1.2.3` (note there's no _patch_ version here), `1.2.3.4` (`4` is the _patch_ version), or `1.2.3.4.5.6.7` are all valid version numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PVP version | Note |
| --- | --- |
| `1.2.3` | No _patch_ version |
| `1.2.3.4` | `4` is the _patch_ version |
| `1.2.3.4.5.6.7` | This is also a valid version |
```

We can try a table here. You'll need to run `yarn prettier-fix` after applying the suggestion because it's not formatted the way Prettier wants.

> **Are ranges supported?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Are ranges supported?
```

> Currently this is not supported but you can have ranges.

Reviewer: The `h2` asks: `Are ranges supported?`
And our answer is: `this is not supported`, but right after: `but you can have ranges`.

This is really confusing me. I think there's some kind of difference between Cabal and Stack?

> This implementation just supports updating extra-deps in the Stack build tool which does not support ranges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our implementation supports updating extra-deps in the Stack build tool which does not support ranges.
```

We can probably say "our implementation" and get rid of the word "just". 😉

> If this is used for Cabal then it would be useful to support ranges.

Reviewer: This sentence doesn't really explain if I can use ranges with Cabal or not currently?

> **Are commit hashes supported?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Are commit hashes supported?
```

> A.B is known as the _major_ version number, and C the _minor_ version number.

The one unusual difference between PVP and SemVer is that there are two major versions, and that there can be an optional number of additional version numbers past _minor_.

> For example `1.2.3` (note there's no patch version here), `1.2.3.4` (`4` is the patch version), or `1.2.3.4.5.6.7` are all valid version numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example `1.2.3` (note there's no _patch_ version here), `1.2.3.4` (`4` is the _patch_ version), or `1.2.3.4.5.6.7` are all valid version numbers.
```

Let's put _patch_ in cursive here also.
